I just was time. This is slightly changed, but it was so it was like,
do you remember where you were? When the OJ verdict was written?
I was in high school. I climbed a tree.
Why don't you climb a.
Tree so that people would be like, where were you when the OJ verdict
in a tree?
I remember I was with my girlfriend at the time and she threw her hands on her
face and went, oh no. Oh no. She's kept saying, oh really?
She just went, oh, oh no. Oh.
No. Where are you in LA?
Yeah, we were watching it in my apartment.
We were watching the verdict and w and I was dumbfounded.
I thought he was going to jail.
Everybody thought he was going to jail and she just, she just kept going, oh,
no. Oh no. Oh.
No. I just remember being in high school. I knew.
Ron Goldman sister too. Really? Yeah. Yeah. That was real weird.
Yeah. Yeah. I knew his sister. And.
So like her, her Ron Goldman's father, and I have no, like, I can't imagine,
I can't even begin to fathom what that whole experience would be for anyone,
but he was like, he felt very, like, he felt like he,
like, he was, again, I say this with all due respect. Like,
I don't know what I would have no sense of what that experience is like,
but there are certain people that you're like, oh, you do like being on camera.
I know something horrible happened to you, but you did like being on camera.
I mean, I have no idea.
Yeah. I don't know either. I mean, w who the knows how you,
I don't know how I would react. Your son was murdered by some superstar. Like,
just think about how crazy that is. Not just murdered,
but murdered by a famous guy. Yeah.
Yeah. Who then is like flaunted and got off. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, man.
It was a part of this weird race thing where it was post Rodney king.
So there was a lot of people that felt like there was some sort of a,
a racist aspect to it that like,
there was a racist cops who got off with Rodney king.
So now it's their chance to get one for black folks.
And I was talking to people about it, you know.
It's that Cray. Did you watch the, the D you do watch the OJ, the documentary.
And then also there was the FX show.
It's one episode of the FX show. And I was like, Cuba, Gooding Jr. nailed it.
He really seemed like OJ in it. It was really good. Yeah.
Yeah. But that's all I, the documentary is interesting.
Cause it sets up like LA all like that,
the preceding years leading up post post riots, all that stuff. Like,
and you're like, oh, it does it sort of,
it does like lend itself to be like, oh, this was,
this was a perfect confluence of events that led to this thing of like,
you know, racial, you know, all,
everything that went into the OJ trial, it's nuts. It's crazy.
It was a strange, strange time.
It was a strange time because it just seemed like the world was made of
something that was way more flexible than I ever thought it was before.
Like I never thought OJ Simpson could be a murderer.
I thought murders were bad people.
And that the people that you thought of that were good people on TV,
you would never think of like OJ was always so friendly and
smiling and he would have that big laugh and he's handsome. And.
The head injuries to CT. It's like, you're like, I wonder what.
Sure how to do with it. 100%, 1000 million percent. In fact,
his doctor said that if the trial were to take place today,
his doctor at the time they would introduce CT. Yeah.
Yeah. And you see all those tutes I'm in like the,
the level of violence that there he is.
That's right. Police academy.
He's funny and naked gun, but it's interesting.
You go back and watch that documentary. And it's like, you know, his buddies,
his like his good buddies who stood by him,
his good buddies who stood by him talking about him in high school.
And he's kinda like he was thrown his friends under the bus in high school.
Like the all three of them would be like doing some like in the bathroom,
like doing some they're supposed to be in class.
And the principal would come in and the three of them were all together and OJ
would just like saddle up next to the principal and be like,
what are we going to do with these two guys? You know what I mean?
He was like throwing his buddies under the bus. You're like, oh,
he was CTE him up. I don't know what kind of man he would have been like,
whether he would have been so violent or whatever, but he was like piece of.
Plus he kind of felt like he was a piece of. His whole life. Well,
how about the.
A book if I did it? How crazy? How crazy is that?
That he wrote a book. If I do, I didn't do it.
I did it. Did you see the, did you ever see, have you ever seen his prank show
juiced?
Oh yes. That's post.
The murder. Oh yeah. Post the murder, man. It's crazy. Do you ever.
See his rap song? No.
Oh.
Young Jamie find it. They didn't get him.
Oh yes. Yes. This was part of that juice. I think thing. Right?
It's in that same thing. It's part of it's. It's like, and it's all these young,
it's all these like little hottest, young, little hotties who look like,
like Nicole. It's so weird.
What does that picture of him with the glasses? That's from one.
Of the sketches.
Look at that. What crazy? What in the is that boy, he can go anywhere with that.
He can go to Disneyland. That's here that famous.
And you did something awful like that.
You got to go in disguise.
How many chicks bang him? Just cause he's OJ.
You think still people, are you still think people are going to bang him?
Yes. A hundred percent. Ah, Jay pretended he would, what,
what does it say? God called it. This guy. He to cuckold this guy. Oh God.
The poor guy. You know? I.
Don't know, man. I.
Wonder a hundred percent. There's a lot of, yeah.
There's wacky broads that want to bang murderers. Really? Yeah.
Yeah. I guess so.
There's, there's a guy that we had in here. Nick Yarus who, uh, went to jail.
He was on death row for 20 years for a crime that 22 years for a crime that he
didn't commit. And he said since getting out, he's just in it.
He was asking on the podcast with these women to stop sending him emails. Um,
I'm married. I have a good relationship. Like, please leave me alone.
Like stop testing me and like really? Yeah. They just throw that buzzy his way.
Interesting. Yeah. Well Richard Ramirez,
the night stalker that guy apparently got all these women were
sending him pictures and email or letters actually. Yeah.
And he wound up marrying some woman. Really?
Manson's Mary Nancy got married.
Yeah. A lot of them get married. Yeah. Real common.
man.
Crazy. Yeah. I mean, look I'd OJ.
I would too. I'd them with you. We'd high-five each other.
Would you want the front of the bag?
I don't. I think I don't want the front. I think.
From people more dangerous. If you had a CTE like flashback and pet your dog.
Oh, that's true. You can control.
You can control the back a little bit better a little bit. I wonder if, yeah.
I wonder how his teeth did in, in prison. He's out now, right? He's out.
Yeah. Which is really weird. That's wild. What is OJ doing these days?
He.
Was, I can't remember what he was doing recently.
Or I think he is Jamie. He's got a good podcast.
I've done his podcast.
I put on my, um, my Twitter.
Should I interview OJ on my podcast or not?
What was, what was the response? Moshe Kasher.
Just sent me a text versus like what the?
Yeah. I guess that would legitimize it. My guests quit an interview.
With that. Legitimize him. I've heard that before.
OJ Simpson living life of luxury in Vegas, 23 year. What year is this?
This is 18. Oh, this is just now last week. Wow.
He's living on life of luxury in Vegas. Look at him. Who just walking around.
Strolling plays golf four to five times a week.
The exclusive a Royal golf club far from keeping a low
profile.
The form of Buffalo bill star has been spotted at hotels and even a Vegas golden
Knights hockey game. Wow. What the?
Look at him. Look at his guns over in young poser. Look at that girl.
I can't believe I told J O M G people him.
I guarantee you girls. him. A hundred percent.
I wonder probably more than us combined.
Breathalyzer.
Sensor reported travels around town with his own breathalyzer.
If he exceeds a certain blood alcohol level, he could be sent back to prison.
So maybe he should just.
Well stop drinking. Maybe you should just up a.
Sure. He enjoys a martini a day. But what does that, if you, what,
what is the blood alcohol level? They send you back to prison.
How crazy is that? Like free, but if you have three beers, you're in a cage.
Yeah. She's on parole, I guess. Right? He was on the alley geesh or the thing.
Cohen dead. He's at the very, very end of it.
He was trying to talk him into saying he did it.
Yeah. I think he was,
I think OJ was more aware of what was going on than a bunch of the other people
on that show.
Well, I mean,
you've got to think he's probably a hyper paranoid that someone's with him.
I think everybody's home since always
[inaudible].
Yeah. More young Posey for OJ. OJ wanted to meet me.
My name is Nicole. He said, that's his, my favorite name. Oh my God.
That is insane. But you know what?
I bet he gets a lot of those vacant, odd young ladies to accept his.
I've tried. I have trouble believing that maybe. I mean, why? Because you think,
do you ever, do you ever ironically somebody.
I think some gals would do that. Right? Ironically, a murderer.
I guess. I can't imagine. I maybe I can't imagine.
I don't know what the social, like the currency of that is.
Scott Peterson was sent to death row in California,
San Quentin prison for murdering his wife and their unborn child.
Dozens of women phoned asking for his address with one teenager wasting no
time and offering to marry him. Wow. Yeah,
there's a that's I think this is what I think.
I think there is some sort of ancient DNA that
people have that attracts them to murders and conquerors because those are the
people that survived. And the, your there's an,
some sort of a strange inclination for some women,
obviously ones that are not thinking clearly,
but for some women to want the sperm and the genetics of a
murderer, because that's the type of, if you add a, uh, a murderous,
brave conqueror for a child,
that child would survive like that DNA.
I mean, I get some sense of survival.
Yeah. I mean, and the times of barbaric.
Sure, sure. You want it to be with someone? Yeah.
That's what I think it is like a killer.
You don't feel that much like the caveman comedian.
Well, I think that if a male feminist goes to jail,
they get zero requests for marriage. They get none. But, uh.
He.
Thinks, yeah. If some male feminist like gets arrested and goes to jail,
it's a wrap. Yeah.
But if you're a murder.
But a few murder, you probably get a lot because women,
there's a reason why men become, I mean, there's,
there's men who believe in equality and want women's rights.
And then there's men who are really Weasley and what they're doing is they just,
they're being young and posturing.
And I think those guys have they go to jail crickets.
Well, either way they're in, they're in jail. So they're not,
they're probably not, I don't know how it works. I don't know.
Some places you can get conjugal visits. Yeah.
But I think it's dependent upon the.